#[SDF05] CSS Magic Button challenge.

In this challenge we were given the opportunuty to express our understanding of the concepts within CSS Animations and Transition by styling the provded buttons and making them your own.

1. Getting Started.

The first step would be to access the project via the Github link provided and access the inforamtion needed to make start the creativity process.

2. Understanding the Assignment.

Once you have accessed the required information, you have two option:
    a) start the designs from scratch, or
    b) if you have studying block (the sensation of being overloaded after being exposed to the vastness that is CSS and styling) one can easily access the inspiration attached in the _Codepen_ link.
In this instance, eventhough having a strong case of studying block, I chose to meld these option a bit.

3. Becoming on with the _Code_ (Star Wars, get it?)

After examing the inspiration provided (bless you for that) I decided to play around with a few options that caught my eye.

I didn't simply want to cut and paste the concepts as they were and tweak what was needed and congrats, all done. I needed also to understand where my education has taken me so far. As much as those inpired like a kid in a candy store, they also made me realise, there is much to learn! This is where one is reminded to K.I.S: *Keep It Simple*.

After a few trials (I do really mean many actually) and lots of errors, I had tried using one of the fancier buttons but I quickly realised I was way to early on my journey to attempt them so I reverted to creating my buttons to showcase what was learnt thus far. One grew, one slid and the last, rotated.

I would digress that it did take me longer than estimated to complete as I needed to confirm and understand why my visions were not coming to life as they would've and once they had, I was pleased with their outcomes.

In the end of it, I am very happy with the outcome of my assignment and am looking forward to discovering new ways of expressing both creativity and my skills.

